---
title: GSoD'21 Fourth Meeting
author: rohitesh-kumar-jain
categories: gsod
tags:
  - google
  - gsod
  - event
  - gsod
  - 2021
  - zoom
  - docs
image: /assets/2021/06-gsod-2021-fourth-meeting/gsod-fourth-meeting.webp
---

## Google Season of Docs'21 fourth meeting

### Meeting Summary

It was the fourth meeting of the GSoDâ€™21 participants, first after the monthly evaluation, before the start of the meeting we received the sad news that the Chirs has fallen sick and Soumi due to her other engagements won't be able to attend the meetup

In this meeting, firstly every participant gave one's week summary and informed the community about their plans for the upcoming week, volunteers and tech writers discussed while tech writers were giving their week summaries. Later we had a suggestions/Q&A session, in which Vasvi raised her concerns and at last, we took a lovely group photo.

{% include iframe.html src="https://youtu.be/h4EX9vkoIVo" %}

### Attendees

Total 11 attendees attended the meeting. They are:

1. Rohitesh Jain, Volunteer (UTC + 5:30)
2. Sajen Sarvajith, Reconstruct Landing page writer (UTC + 5:30)
3. Abhishek Jaiswal, How-to-guide section writer (UTC + 05:30)
4. Simin Liao, Volunteer (+8:00)
5. Mukosa Joseph mawa, Introductions and Explanations section writer (UTC +03:00)
6. Rajiv Ranjan Singh, Improve the gRPC and OpenAPI ecosystem writer, rajivperfect007@gmail.com, (UTC+05:30)
7. Souvik Biswas, Create easy to learn tutorials for beginner users writer, sbis1999@gmail.com (UTC +05:30)
8. Shraddha, Improve References section writer (UTC + 5:30)
9. Shwetal Soni, Create easy to learn tutorials for beginners users writer (UTC +05:30)
10. Vasvi Sood, How to guides, contactvasvisood@gmail.com writer (UTC + 5:30)
11. Arnab Saha, Reconstruction of Landing page with value propositions writer (UTC + 5:30)

![Google Season of Docs 2021: Wechaty GSoD'21 Group Photo](/assets/2021/06-gsod-2021-fourth-meeting/gsod-fourth-meeting.webp)

### Agendas

- [0:00:48](https://youtu.be/h4EX9vkoIVo) 1. Discussion with Tutorials team
- [0:18:46](https://youtu.be/h4EX9vkoIVo) 2. Discussion with Introduction and explanation team
- [0:20:30](https://youtu.be/h4EX9vkoIVo?t=1232) 3. Discussion with Landing page team
- [0:21:55](https://youtu.be/h4EX9vkoIVo?t=1232) 4. Discussion with References section team
- [0:23:50](https://youtu.be/h4EX9vkoIVo?t=1433) 5. Discussion with How to guides team
- [0:28:45](https://youtu.be/h4EX9vkoIVo?t=1729) 6. Discussion with gRPC team

You can learn more from our [meeting notes][meeting_notes].

[meeting_notes]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fVCk8qRYc4RKGMf2UY5HOe07hEhPUOpGC34v88GEFJg/edit#heading=h.edr3nzd8l43b

### Meeting Outcomes

- The community got to know about the progress and plans of the members
- Many small issues got discussed and resolved in the meeting
- Volunteer got to know the grievances of Sajen and Vasvi

### Meeting Follow-ups

- [Review](https://github.com/wechaty/wechaty.js.org/issues/912) the new landing page design
