---
title: GSoD'21 Sixth Meeting
author: rohitesh-kumar-jain
categories: gsod
tags:
  - google
  - gsod
  - event
  - gsod-2021
  - 2021
  - zoom
  - docs
image: /assets/2021/07-gsod-2021-sixth-meeting/gsod-sixth-meeting.webp
---

## Google Season of Docs'21 sixth meeting

### Meeting Summary

It was the sixth meeting of the GSoDâ€™21 participants. Firstly every participant gave one's weekly summary and informed the community
about their plans for the upcoming week, volunteers and tech writers discussed while tech writers were giving their week summaries.
After that, information was given by volunteers regarding the mid and final blog posts, following a discussion was lead by Simin regarding
urgent PRs and new PR rules, later we discussed comments and questions of the participants, and at last, we took a lovely group photo.

{% include iframe.html src="https://youtu.be/pLjyGVOmI6M" %}

### Attendees

Total 13 attendees attended the meeting. They are:

1. Rohitesh Jain, Volunteer (UTC + 5:30)
2. Sajen Sarvajith, Reconstruct Landing page writer (UTC + 5:30)
3. Abhishek Jaiswal, How-to-guide section writer (UTC + 05:30)
4. Simin Liao, Volunteer (+8:00)
5. Mukosa Joseph Mawa, Introductions and Explanations section writer (UTC +03:00)
6. Rajiv Ranjan Singh, Improve the gRPC and OpenAPI ecosystem writer, rajivperfect007@gmail.com, (UTC+05:30)
7. Souvik Biswas, Create easy to learn tutorials for beginner users writer, sbis1999@gmail.com (UTC +05:30)
8. Shraddha, Improve References section writer (UTC + 5:30)
9. Shwetal Soni, Create easy to learn tutorials for beginners users writer (UTC +05:30)
10. Vasvi Sood, How to guides, contactvasvisood@gmail.com writer (UTC + 5:30)
11. Arnab Saha, Reconstruction of Landing page with value propositions writer (UTC + 5:30)
12. Chris Estepa, Introduction and Explanations sections writer (UTC +08:00)
13. Soumi Bardhan, Improve References section writer (UTC + 5:30)

Note: Meeting started on schedule and everyone attended this !

![Google Season of Docs 2021: Wechaty GSoD'21 Group Photo](/assets/2021/07-gsod-2021-sixth-meeting/gsod-sixth-meeting.webp)

### Agendas

- [00:00](https://youtu.be/pLjyGVOmI6M) 0. Introduction & Welcome
- [00:50](https://youtu.be/pLjyGVOmI6M?t=50) 1. Discussion with Tutorials team
- [05:00](https://youtu.be/pLjyGVOmI6M?t=300) 2. Discussion with Introduction and explanation team
- [06:50](https://youtu.be/pLjyGVOmI6M?t=411) 3. Discussion with Landing page team
- [13:50](https://youtu.be/pLjyGVOmI6M?t=830) 4. Discussion with References section team
- [18:20](https://youtu.be/pLjyGVOmI6M?t=1102) 5. Discussion with How to guides team
- [20:25](https://youtu.be/pLjyGVOmI6M?t=1225) 6. Discussion with gRPC team
- [23:26](https://youtu.be/pLjyGVOmI6M?t=1406) 7. Info regarding Mid term and final blogs
- [27:20](https://youtu.be/pLjyGVOmI6M?t=1640) 8. New PR merging rules
- [28:45](https://youtu.be/pLjyGVOmI6M?t=1725) 9. Questions/comments

You can learn more from our [meeting notes][meeting_notes].

[meeting_notes]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fVCk8qRYc4RKGMf2UY5HOe07hEhPUOpGC34v88GEFJg/edit#heading=h.edr3nzd8l43b

### Meeting Outcomes

- The community got to know about the progress and plans of the members
- Information regarding the mid and final blogs is given.
- Urgent PRs have been collected
- New PR rules have been explained to tech writer
- A [feedback form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScOJptL2Dx53vTR_PaYm76GTLX2xjhqQ_JrST7Y8yp935nO9g/viewform?usp=sf_link) has been circulated

### Meeting Follow-ups

- Merge PRs in this [list](https://github.com/wechaty/wechaty.js.org/issues/1056)
- Help tutorials team, refer [#1044](https://github.com/wechaty/wechaty.js.org/issues/1044),
  and [#1043](https://github.com/wechaty/wechaty.js.org/issues/1043)
- Provide Shraddha more information regarding the Wechaty plugin [#890](https://github.com/wechaty/wechaty.js.org/issues/890)
- Sajen requires help in the voice of the developers section [#912](https://github.com/wechaty/wechaty.js.org/issues/912)
- We will be seeing Tutorial team's mid blog in the coming week

### Notable Meeting Comments

- (Joseph) I will be reaching out to the other teams for more info about challenges they faced so that we add them to
  troubleshooting sub-section of the explanation

### Notable Meeting Questions

- Q: (Rajeev) Can we add PRs in the merging list issues?
- A: (Rohitesh) Rules for adding PRs in merging list are simple : 1) It should pass CI test 2) should have approvals
  of both the volunteers 3) your team mate should approve it as well. If your PR is matching this criteria feel free to add.
