---
title: GSoD'21 Third Meeting
author: rohitesh-kumar-jain
categories: gsod
tags:
  - google
  - gsod
  - event
  - gsod
  - 2021
  - zoom
  - docs
image: /assets/2021/06-gsod-2021-third-meeting/gsod-meeting-teasor.webp
---

## Google Season of Docs'21 third meeting

### Meeting Summary

It was the third meeting of the GSoDâ€™21 participants, some grievances were to be resolved in the meeting, and they got resolved as well.

In this meeting, firstly every participant gave one's week summary and informed the community about their plans for the upcoming week. After that, I raised my concern regarding big PRs and we had a discussion about the scope and size of the PRs, next I asked for an explanation from the teams which had lacked to maintain the Wecahty Weekly follow-ups. Following that Simin gave a presentation on things you should remember when you are documenting. Later we had a suggestions/Q&A session, in which Vasvi and Sajen raised their concerns and at last, we took a lovely group photo.

{% include iframe.html src="https://youtu.be/GE4Kq0JSdYE" %}

### Attendees

Total 12 attendees attended the meeting. They are:

1. Rohitesh Jain, Volunteer (UTC + 5:30)
2. Sajen Sarvajith, Reconstruct Landing page writer (UTC + 5:30)
3. Abhishek Jaiswal, How-to-guide section writer (UTC + 05:30)
4. Simin Liao, Volunteer (+8:00)
5. Mukosa Joseph mawa, Introductions and Explanations section writer (UTC +03:00)
6. Rajiv Ranjan Singh, Improve the gRPC and OpenAPI ecosystem writer, rajivperfect007@gmail.com, IST (UTC +5:30)
7. Souvik Biswas, Create easy to learn tutorials for beginner users writer, sbis1999@gmail.com (UTC +05:30)
8. Soumi Bardhan, Improve References section writer (UTC + 5:30)
9. Shwetal Soni, Create easy to learn tutorials for beginners users writer (UTC +05:30)
10. Chris Estepa,  Introduction and Explanations sections writer (UTC +08:00)
11. Vasvi Sood, How to guides, contactvasvisood@gmail.com writer (UTC + 5:30)
12. Arnab Saha, Reconstruction of Landing page with value propositions writer (UTC + 5:30)

#### Notes

- Shraddha maybe had a network issue, everyone else was present.

![Google Season of Docs 2021: Wechaty GSoD'21 Group Photo](/assets/2021/06-gsod-2021-third-meeting/gsod-meeting-teasor.webp)

### Agendas

- [0:00:20](https://youtu.be/GE4Kq0JSdYE?t=20) 1. Week Summaries
- [0:15:10](https://youtu.be/GE4Kq0JSdYE?t=910) 2. Discussion about the scope and size of PRs
- [0:19:07](https://youtu.be/GE4Kq0JSdYE?t=1147) 3. Explanation for not updating the Wechaty follow-ups
- [0:20:25](https://youtu.be/GE4Kq0JSdYE?t=1227) 4. Presentation by Simin on things you should remember when you are documenting
- [0:29:00](https://youtu.be/GE4Kq0JSdYE?t=1740) 5. Questions & Comments

You can learn more from our [meeting notes][meeting_notes].

[meeting_notes]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fVCk8qRYc4RKGMf2UY5HOe07hEhPUOpGC34v88GEFJg/edit#heading=h.edr3nzd8l43b

### Meeting Outcomes

- The community got to know about the progress and plans of the members
- PRs would be more atomic (single PR will deal with a single task)
- Wechaty Weekly Follow-ups would be updated strictly
- Simin made it clear what should one remember while documenting
- Volunteer got to know the grievances of Sajen and Vasvi

### Meeting Follow-ups

- See what codes snippets are required by Vasvi and her team
- [Review](https://github.com/wechaty/wechaty.js.org/issues/912) the new landing page design
