docusaurus/docs/explanations/overview.mdx, before:

---
slug: /explanations/
title: Overview
sidebar_label: "Overview"
---

The **Explanation** section discusses topics that broaden your knowledge of Wechaty. Technical facts and some tidbits of useful information are found here to give you more clarity and understanding of what Wechaty is all about.

## [RPA](https://wechaty.js.org/docs/explanations/rpa)
**Robotic process automation (RPA)** refers to the technology that allows users to configure software robots to execute business processes and automate repetitive tasks across applications and systems without human intervention. With RPA, numerous and repetitious business processes are streamlined and manual backend workflows are automated. With the integration of RPA with chatbots, an intelligent and superb end-to end user experience is achieved.

## [Motivation](https://wechaty.js.org/docs/explanations/motivations)
You will discover the _core reasons_ why Wechaty chatbots are created.

## [Concepts](https://wechaty.js.org/docs/explanations/concepts)
In this section, you will know more about the _bot class_ that started the whole Wechaty chatbot.

## [Architecture](https://wechaty.js.org/docs/explanations/architecture)
The **Architecture** section discusses the fundamental structures of a Wechaty chatbot. You will learn how the chatbot works and interacts with other components, how each of the components is represented, and how it all fits as a whole.


## [Alternatives](https://wechaty.js.org/docs/explanations/alternatives)
As a chatbot creator, Wechaty is also similar to other chatbot technologies. In this section, you will learn about these similarities and other related information that will let you understand the Wechaty application better.

## [Glossary](https://wechaty.js.org/docs/explanations/glossary)
The **Glossary** familiarizes you about the terminologies used all throughout the Wechaty site.

## [DevOps Toolset](https://wechaty.js.org/docs/explanations/devops-toolset)
It is crucial that we learn about the **DevOps tools and configurations** used by Wechaty while creating chatbots, puppets and certain workflows.

## [SDK and CUI](https://wechaty.js.org/docs/explanations/sdk-cui)
Wechaty is a modern conversational robotic process automation SDK for chatbot makers. In this section, you will gain an understanding of what a **Software Development Kit** is and why Wechaty should be your preferred SDK for making chatbots. You will also learn about **RPA** and **conversational interfaces**.

## [Testing](https://wechaty.js.org/docs/explanations/testing)
The **Testing** section highlights the tools and frameworks you can use for testing Wechaty chatbots and chatbots in general.

## [FAQ](https://wechaty.js.org/docs/explanations/faq)
**FAQ** contains information about the most commonly asked questions and concerns. You will also learn other information about Wechaty as a chatbot creator and as organization itself.

## [Troubleshooting](https://wechaty.js.org/docs/explanations/troubleshooting)
The **Troubleshooting** section discusses the most common problems that you will encounter while using Wechaty to create chatbots as well as contributing to Wechaty and the Wechaty documentation.

## [Docusaurus](https://wechaty.js.org/docs/docusaurus/doc1)
The **Docusaurus** section contains the **_[Wechaty Style Guide](https://wechaty.js.org/docs/docusaurus/doc1)_** to be used and applied throughout the entire documentation.

Commit message:

Edit overview and remove motivation from Explanation

docusaurus/docs/explanations/overview.mdx, after:

---
slug: /explanations/
title: Overview
sidebar_label: "Overview"
---

The **Explanation** section discusses topics that broaden your knowledge of Wechaty. Technical facts and some tidbits of useful information are found here to give you more clarity and understanding of what Wechaty is all about.

## [RPA](./rpa.md)
Wechaty is a conversational **Robotic process automation (RPA)** software development kit for chatbot makers. This section will introduce you to the basics of RPA.

## [Concepts](./concepts.md)
This section will introduce you to some of the core concepts used in the Wechaty ecosystem. These concepts will help you develop a deeper understanding of the underlying technologies.

## [Architecture](./architecture.md)
The **Architecture** section discusses the fundamental structures of a Wechaty chatbot. You will learn how the chatbot works and interacts with other components, how each of the components is represented, and how it all fits as a whole.

## [Alternatives](./alternatives.md)
As a SDK for creating chatbots, Wechaty is similar to many other technologies. This section will introduce you to these technologies and highlight their similarities and differences.

## [Glossary](./glossary.md)
The Glossary familiarizes you with the terminologies used throughout the Wechaty site.

## [DevOps Toolset](./devops-toolset.md)
This section will introduce you to some of the DevOps tools you can integrate as part of your workflow.

## [SDK and CUI](./sdk-cui.md)
Wechaty is a modern conversational robotic process automation SDK for chatbot makers. In this section, you will gain an understanding of what a **Software Development Kit** is and why Wechaty should be your preferred SDK for making chatbots. You will also learn about **RPA** and **conversational interfaces**.

## [Testing](./testing.md)
The **Testing** section highlights the tools and frameworks you can use for testing Wechaty chatbots and chatbots in general.

## [FAQ](./faq.md)
**FAQ** contains information about the most commonly asked questions and concerns. You will also learn other information about Wechaty as a chatbot creator and as organization itself.

## [Troubleshooting](./troubleshooting.mdx)
The **Troubleshooting** section discusses the most common problems that you will encounter while using Wechaty to create chatbots as well as contributing to Wechaty and the Wechaty documentation.

## [Docusaurus](../docusaurus/doc1.md)
The **Docusaurus** section will  introduce you to the [GitHub-flavored Markdown syntax](https://github.github.com/gfm/) and [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/).
